#!/usr/bin/env checkbox-cli-wrapper
[launcher]
app_id = com.canonical.qa.baoshan:checkbox
launcher_version = 1
stock_reports = text, submission_files, certification

[test plan]
unit = com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-desktop-22-04
filter = com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-core-22
        com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-core-22-manual
        com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-core-22-automated
        com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-core-22-stress
        com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-server-22-04
        com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-server-22-04-manual
        com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-server-22-04-automated
        com.canonical.qa.baoshan::genio-baoshan-server-22-04-stress

[test selection]
exclude = com.canonical.certification::ethernet/wol_S3_.*         # LP#2033360
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-thermal/temperature_thermal_zone[123]_.*         # LP#2057452
        com.canonical.contrib::after-suspend-ce-oem-thermal/temperature_thermal_zone[123]_.*   # LP#2057452

[manifest]
com.canonical.certification::has_ethernet_adapter = true
com.canonical.certification::has_i2c = true
com.canonical.certification::has_card_reader = true
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_capture = true
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_playback = true
com.canonical.certification::has_hardware_watchdog = true
com.canonical.certification::socket_can_echo_server_running = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_smart = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_obex_support = false
com.canonical.certification::has_thunderbolt3 = false
com.canonical.certification::has_tpm2_chip = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usb_storage = true
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_video = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_data = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_otg = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wlan_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wwan_module = false
com.canonical.certification::has_hdmi = true
com.canonical.certification::has_dp = false
com.canonical.certification::has_vga = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dvi = false
com.canonical.certification::has_touchscreen = true
com.canonical.certification::has_touchpad = false
com.canonical.certification::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.certification::need_gadget_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::need_kernel_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::need_snapd_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::has_md_raid = false
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_amic = true
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_dmic = true
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_dsi = true
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_edp = false
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_gpio_lookback = true
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_i2s = false
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_lvds = false
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_pcm = false
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_baoshan_uart_lookback = true
com.canonical.qa.baoshan::has_hdmi_rx = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_otg = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_ptp = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_socket_can_fd = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_buzzer = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gps = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mtd = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_rs485 = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_rs485_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_digital_io = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_button = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_caam = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_sa2ul_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mcrc_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_optee = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_led_indicator = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_tcp_multi_connection_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_hardware_rng = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi_loopback = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_gpio_slot_been_defined = false

[environment]
GENIO_DEVICE=G350
GENIO_GPU_DRIVER_VERSION=r48p0
GENIO_GPU_DRIVER_SNAP=mediatek-genio-g350-gpu-drivers-core22
GPIO_LOOPBACK_PIN_MAPPING=0:15:109:0:7:124
OTG=Micro-USB:11201000
SNAP_CONFINEMENT_ALLOWLIST=genio-test-tool,x-test
KERNEL_REPO=universe
HWRNG=1020f000.rng
MODEL_GRADE=signed
SPI_DEVICES=/dev/spidev0.0
XTEST=x-test
