#!/usr/bin/env checkbox-cli-wrapper
[launcher]
app_id = com.canonical.qa.intliotg:checkbox
launcher_version = 1
stock_reports = text, submission_files, certification

[test plan]
unit = com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04
filter = com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04-manual
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04-automated
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04-stress
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04-manual
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04-automated
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04-stress
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04-manual-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04-automated-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-desktop-24-04-stress-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04-manual-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04-automated-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::intliotg-server-24-04-stress-rt
         com.canonical.qa.intliotg::rt-performance-tests-stress

[manifest]
com.canonical.certification::has_card_reader= false
com.canonical.certification::has_edac_module= false
com.canonical.certification::has_ethernet_adapter= true
com.canonical.certification::has_fingerprint_reader= false
com.canonical.certification::has_hardware_watchdog= true
com.canonical.certification::has_i2c= true
com.canonical.certification::has_touchscreen= false
com.canonical.certification::has_thunderbolt3= false
com.canonical.certification::has_tpm2_chip= true
com.canonical.certification::has_usb_storage= true
com.canonical.certification::has_usb_type_c= true
com.canonical.certification::has_wwan_module= false
com.canonical.certification::has_eclite= false
com.canonical.certification::has_ishtp= true
com.canonical.certification::has_mei= true
com.canonical.certification::has_qep= false
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_capture = true
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_loopback_connector = true
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_playback = true
com.canonical.certification::need_snapd_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wlan_adapter = true
com.canonical.certification::has_camera = false
com.canonical.certification::has_md_raid = false
com.canonical.certification::has_touchpad = false
com.canonical.certification::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.certification::has_va_api = false
com.canonical.certification::has_line_in = false
com.canonical.certification::has_line_out = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dvi = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dp = true
com.canonical.certification::has_hdmi = true
com.canonical.certification::has_uefi_secure_boot_support = true
com.canonical.certification::has_internal_speakers = false
com.canonical.certification::has_internal_microphone = false
com.canonical.certification::has_headset = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_adapter = true
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_smart = true
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_data = true
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_video = false
com.canonical.certification::has_ethernet_wake_on_lan_support = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_caam = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mcrc_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_sa2ul_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gpio_slot_been_defined = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_ptp = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_hardware_rng = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_tcp_multi_connection_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_optee = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_uefi_secure_boot_support = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gps = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_buzzer = false
com.canonical.qa.intliotg::has_tsn= true
com.canonical.qa.intliotg::has_usb_dwc3_controller= false
com.canonical.qa.intliotg::has_va_api= true

[environment]
ROUTERS=multiple
WPA_BG_SSID=cert-bg-wpa-tel-l4
WPA_BG_PSK=insecure
WPA_N_SSID=cert-n-wpa-tel-l4
WPA_N_PSK=insecure
WPA_AC_SSID=cert-ac-wpa-tel-l4
WPA_AC_PSK=insecure
WPA_AX_SSID=cert-ax-wpa-tel-l4
WPA_AX_PSK=insecure
WPA_BE_SSID=cert-be-wpa-tel-l4
WPA_BE_PSK=insecure
WPA3_AX_SSID=cert-ax-wpa3-tel-l4
WPA3_AX_PSK=insecure
WPA3_BE_SSID=cert-be-wpa3-tel-l4
WPA3_BE_PSK=insecure
OPEN_BG_SSID=cert-bg-open-tel-l4
OPEN_N_SSID=cert-n-open-tel-l4
OPEN_AC_SSID=cert-ac-open-tel-l4
OPEN_AX_SSID=cert-ax-open-tel-l4
OPEN_BE_SSID=cert-be-open-tel-l4
BTDEVADDR=7C:B2:7D:4B:14:95,28:3A:4D:46:79:C0,34:6F:24:A8:93:EE,80:32:53:D8:0D:1E
TEST_TARGET_IPERF=10.102.182.100,10.102.182.137,10.102.182.101,10.102.182.48,10.102.182.123
HWRNG=tpm-rng-0
