#!/usr/bin/env checkbox-cli-wrapper
[launcher]
app_id = com.canonical.contrib:checkbox
launcher_version = 1
stock_reports = text, submission_files, certification

[test plan]
unit = com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-24-04
filter = com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-24-04
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-24-04-automated
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-24-04-manual
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-24-04-stress
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-22-04
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-22-04-automated
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-22-04-manual
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-server-22-04-stress
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-24
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-24-automated
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-24-manual
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-24-stress
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-22
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-22-automated
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-22-manual
        com.canonical.contrib::ce-oem-iot-ubuntucore-22-stress

[test selection]
# exclude = com.canonical.certification::ethernet/wol_S3_.*         # LP#2033360

[manifest]
com.canonical.certification::has_ethernet_adapter = true
com.canonical.certification::has_ethernet_wake_on_lan_support = true
com.canonical.certification::has_i2c = true
com.canonical.certification::has_card_reader = false
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_capture = true
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_playback = true
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_loopback_connector = true
com.canonical.certification::has_hardware_watchdog = true
com.canonical.certification::socket_can_echo_server_running = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_smart = false
com.canonical.certification::has_thunderbolt3 = false
com.canonical.certification::has_tpm2_chip = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usb_storage = true
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_video = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_data = true
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_otg = true
com.canonical.certification::has_wlan_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wwan_module = false
com.canonical.certification::has_hdmi = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dp = true
com.canonical.certification::has_vga = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dvi = false
com.canonical.certification::has_touchscreen = false
com.canonical.certification::has_touchpad = false
com.canonical.certification::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.certification::need_gadget_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::need_kernel_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::need_snapd_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::has_md_raid = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_otg = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_ptp = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_socket_can_fd = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_buzzer = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gps = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mtd = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_rs485 = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_rs485_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_digital_io = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_button = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_caam = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_sa2ul_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mcrc_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_optee = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_led_indicator = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_tcp_multi_connection_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_hardware_rng = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi_loopback = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gpio_slot_been_defined = false

[environment]
OTG=USBOTG:2184000
SNAP_CONFINEMENT_ALLOWLIST=x-test
HWRNG=rng-caam
MODEL_GRADE=signed
