[launcher]
app_id = com.canonical.qa.carlsbad:checkbox
launcher_version = 1
stock_reports = text, submission_files, certification

[test plan]
unit = com.canonical.qa.carlsbad::carlsbad-uc24
filter = com.canonical.qa.carlsbad::carlsbad-uc24
        com.canonical.qa.carlsbad::carlsbad-uc24-manual
        com.canonical.qa.carlsbad::carlsbad-uc24-automated
        com.canonical.qa.carlsbad::carlsbad-uc24-stress

[manifest]
com.canonical.certification::has_ethernet_adapter = true
com.canonical.certification::has_i2c = true
com.canonical.certification::has_card_reader = false
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_capture = false
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_playback = false
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_loopback_connector = false
com.canonical.certification::has_hardware_watchdog = true
com.canonical.certification::socket_can_echo_server_running = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_smart = false
com.canonical.certification::has_thunderbolt3 = false
com.canonical.certification::has_tpm2_chip = true
com.canonical.certification::has_usb_storage = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_video = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_data = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_otg = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wlan_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wwan_module = false
com.canonical.certification::has_hdmi = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dp = true
com.canonical.certification::has_vga = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dvi = false
com.canonical.certification::has_touchscreen = false
com.canonical.certification::has_touchpad = false
com.canonical.certification::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.certification::need_gadget_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::need_kernel_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::need_snapd_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::dangerous_grade_core_image = false
com.canonical.certification::has_ishtp = false
com.canonical.certification::has_eclite = false
com.canonical.certification::has_led_power = false
com.canonical.certification::has_led_wireless = false
com.canonical.certification::has_md_raid = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_otg = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_ptp = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_socket_can_fd = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_buzzer = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gps = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mtd = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_rs485 = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_serial_echo_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_digital_io = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_button = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_caam = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_sa2ul_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mcrc_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_optee = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_led_indicator = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_tcp_multi_connection_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_tcp_echo_stress_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gpio_slot_been_defined = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_hardware_rng = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi_loopback = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_iio_sensors = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_ubuntu_frame = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_pdu = false

[environment]
STORE_ID=aishaMik8AiZ8iim1uu6
PCI_BUS_FPGA=81:00.0
GL_VENDOR=Mesa
GL_RENDERER=NV167
MODEL_GRADE=signed

